gus roberts you are my number one
installer
and who better to train up more gus
roberts is than gus roberts himself
the last thing i need is some clueless
millennial mouth breather cluttering up
my van
elton i really should have asked you to
wait outside
hello we're here to fix your broadband
have you ever had a paranormal
experience this is my youtube channel
most haunted institute of the criminally
insane
savior i don't want anything to do with
ghosts ever again
oh i think i'm being chased by ghosts
i saw a smoldering ghost
can you help me
something is not right we need to find
out what it is
you're just scratching the surface
there's a bigger world out there
you're in danger these aren't just
restless spirits
these are malevolent entities welcome
truth seekers what an old ham how long
is this boring bastard gonna be
waffling off dad everyone can hear you
know
we're on the cusp of something
russians the chinese they're watching me
there's a storm coming it's all about
ghosts
i'm not scared anymore
it says and the cast of the incantation
we
um should take not more than one sip of
tepid
yeah urine before the ritual begins
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you
bye